  The default operation prints all database records that match the given
  TAG(s). The TAG name arguments can be any substring of the actual tag
  names.

General options

  -v, --verbose
        Verbose output. Also print records’ timestamps.

  -q, --quiet
        Quiet output. Don’t print records’ metadata, just the content.

  --utc
        Print timestamps in UTC time instead of local time zone. This is
        relevant only with verbose (-v) output.

  --db=FILE
        Use FILE as the database file instead of the default. The
        program will try to create all the necessary directories for
        FILE. The default database location is defined by variable
        XDG_DATA_HOME (default: “$HOME/.local/share”).

  --format=MODE
        Set output format to MODE which can be “text”, “text-color” or
        “org-mode”. You can add suffix “/default” to MODE in which case
        the specified mode will be saved as the default output mode.

Command options

  -s, --short TAG ...
        Short output. This is like the default operation but only prints
        the first line of records’ content. The first line could be used
        as record’s title.

  -n, --count TAG ...
        Count and print how many records match the given TAG(s).

  -c, --create TAG ...
        Create a new database record associated with the given tags. The
        default text editor ($EDITOR) is launched for editing the
        record. Empty lines at the beginning and end are ignored.

  --cs, --create-stdin
        The same as above but the standard input stream is be saved as
        the record’s content. Empty lines at the beginning and end are
        ignored.

  -e, --edit TAG ...
        Find all records that match the given tags and launch the
        default text editor ($EDITOR) for editing the records’ contents
        and tags. Empty lines at the beginning and end of the record
        content are ignored. If a record has empty content the record
        will be deleted from the database.

  -l, --list [TAG ...]
        List tags that match the given TAG name string(s). If no
        arguments are given list all tags. Tags are listed in alphabetic
        case insensitive order with a number that represents a count how
        many records are associated with the tag.

  -r, --retag OLD NEW
        Retag records. All database records associated with the old tag
        will be associated with the new tag. The old tag is then
        removed.

  -h, --help
        Print this help text.

  --version
        Print program’s version and copyright information.
